The unexamined life is not worth living. — Socrates
Know thyself. — Socrates
Virtue is the only true good. — Socrates
Wisdom begins in wonder. — Socrates
To find yourself, think for yourself. — Socrates
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. — Socrates
An honest man is always a child. — Socrates
Strong minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, weak minds discuss people. — Socrates
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master. — Socrates
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear. — Socrates
Happiness depends upon ourselves. — Aristotle
Excellence is never an accident. — Aristotle
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts. — Aristotle
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. — Aristotle
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. — Aristotle
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. — Aristotle
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. — Aristotle
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. — Aristotle
Man is by nature a political animal. — Aristotle
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. — Aristotle
Life must be understood backward. But it must be lived forward. — Kierkegaard
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom. — Kierkegaard
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays. — Kierkegaard
Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are. — Kierkegaard
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. Not to dare is to lose oneself. — Kierkegaard
The most common form of despair is not being who you are. — Kierkegaard
There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn't true; the other is to refuse to believe what is true. — Kierkegaard
Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown. — Kierkegaard
Boredom is the root of all evil. — Kierkegaard
The tyrant dies and his rule is over, the martyr dies and his rule begins. — Kierkegaard
Man is condemned to be free. — Sartre
Hell is other people. — Sartre
Existence precedes essence. — Sartre
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you. — Sartre
We are our choices. — Sartre
Life begins on the other side of despair. — Sartre
If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company. — Sartre
Commitment is an act, not a word. — Sartre
Everything has been figured out, except how to live. — Sartre
There may be more beautiful times, but this one is ours. — Sartre
God is dead! He remains dead! And we have killed him. — Nietzsche
What does not kill me makes me stronger. — Nietzsche
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. — Nietzsche
Without music, life would be a mistake. — Nietzsche
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. — Nietzsche
To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering. — Nietzsche
The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly. — Nietzsche
There are no facts, only interpretations. — Nietzsche
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. — Nietzsche
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star. — Nietzsche
One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman. — Beauvoir
I am too intelligent, too demanding, and too resourceful for anyone to be able to take charge of me entirely. — Beauvoir
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. — Beauvoir
Self-knowledge is no guarantee of happiness, but it is on the side of happiness and can supply the courage to fight for it. — Beauvoir
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion. — Beauvoir
I tore myself away from the safe comfort of certainties through my love for truth. — Beauvoir
Representation of the world, like the world itself, is the work of men; they describe it from their own point of view, which they confuse with absolute truth. — Beauvoir
In itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man. — Beauvoir
Sex pleasure in woman is a kind of magic spell; it demands complete abandon. — Beauvoir
The mind is everything. What you think you become. — Buddha
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. — Buddha
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. — Buddha
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. — Buddha
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows. — Buddha
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. — Buddha
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. — Buddha
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. — Buddha
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else. — Buddha
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. — Laozi
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving. — Laozi
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. — Laozi
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know. — Laozi
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. — Laozi
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. — Laozi
The best fighter is never angry. — Laozi
Silence is a source of great strength. — Laozi
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. — Laozi
I think, therefore I am. — Descartes
The reading of all good books is like conversation with the finest men of past centuries. — Descartes
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. — Descartes
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it. — Descartes
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues. — Descartes
Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power. — Descartes
Each problem that I solved became a rule, which served afterwards to solve other problems. — Descartes
The first precept was never to accept a thing as true until I knew it as such without a single doubt. — Descartes
Conquer yourself rather than the world. — Descartes
We live in the best of all possible worlds. — Leibniz
This is the best of all possible worlds. — Leibniz
Music is the pleasure the human mind experiences from counting without being aware that it is counting. — Leibniz
To love is to place our happiness in the happiness of another. — Leibniz
The present is big with the future. — Leibniz
There is no place in the world for a timid soul. — Leibniz
I do not believe that a man should be restrained in his daily work by his religion. — Leibniz
Men act like brutes in so far as the sequences of their perceptions arise through the principle of memory only. — Leibniz
The soul is the mirror of an indestructible universe. — Leibniz
Perception is the inner state of the monad representing external things. — Leibniz
Man is born free, and everywhere he is in chains. — Rousseau
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless. — Rousseau
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. — Rousseau
People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little. — Rousseau
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness? — Rousseau
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living. — Rousseau
The strongest is never strong enough to be always the master, unless he transforms strength into right. — Rousseau
To endure is the first thing that a child ought to learn because it is the first thing that he will have to practice. — Rousseau
Gratitude is a duty which ought to be paid, but which none have a right to expect. — Rousseau
Civilization is a hopeless race to discover remedies for the evils it produces. — Rousseau
